index.md, before:

[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/actions?query=workflow%3AR-CMD-check)
[![pkgdown](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/workflows/pkgdown/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/actions?query=workflow%3Apkgdown)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/branch/master/graphs/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin)
[![Project Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/kwb.fakin)]()

This package contains all functions and evaluations related to KWB project 
"FAKIN". Set the Subversion setting 'enable-auto-props' to 'yes' so that the 
'auto-probs' options are considered.

## Installation

```r
#install.packages("devtools", repos = "https://cloud.r-project.org")
devtools::install_github("KWB-R/kwb.fakin")
```


## Contributing to kwb.fakin

For contributing to the development of kwb.fakin please check the 
[contribution guideline](CONTRIBUTING.html).

Commit message:

Prepare release v0.4.1
* Harmonise with kwb.pkgbuild
* Add badges (DOI, r-universe)

index.md, after:

[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/actions?query=workflow%3AR-CMD-check)
[![pkgdown](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/workflows/pkgdown/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/actions?query=workflow%3Apkgdown)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/branch/master/graphs/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin)
[![Project Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/kwb.fakin)]()
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/doi/10.5281/zenodo.1309311.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1309311)
[![R-Universe_Status_Badge](https://kwb-r.r-universe.dev/badges/kwb.fakin)](https://kwb-r.r-universe.dev/)

This package contains all functions and evaluations related to KWB project 
"FAKIN". Set the Subversion setting 'enable-auto-props' to 'yes' so that the 
'auto-probs' options are considered.

## Installation

For installing the latest release of this R package run the following code below:

```r
# Enable repository from kwb-r
options(repos = c(
  kwbr = 'https://kwb-r.r-universe.dev',
  CRAN = 'https://cloud.r-project.org'))

# Download and install kwb.fakin in R
install.packages('kwb.fakin')

# Browse the kwb.fakin manual pages
help(package = 'kwb.fakin')

```


## Contributing to kwb.fakin

For contributing to the development of kwb.fakin please check the 
[contribution guideline](CONTRIBUTING.html).
