README.md, before:

[![Appveyor build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KWB-R/kwb-fakin/branch/master)
[![Travis build Status](https://travis-ci.org/KWB-R/kwb.fakin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KWB-R/kwb.fakin)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/branch/master/graphs/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin)
[![Project Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/kwb.fakin)]()

# kwb.fakin

This package contains all functions and evaluations related to KWB project "FAKIN". 
Set the Subversion setting 'enable-auto-props' to 'yes' so that the 'auto-probs' 
options are considered.

# Installation

```r
#install.packages("devtools", repos = "https://cloud.r-project.org")
devtools::install_github("KWB-R/kwb.fakin")
```

## Documentation

Release: [https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin](https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin)

Development: [https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin/dev](https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin/dev)

Commit message:

add link to CONTRIBUTING in docu

README.md, after:

[![Appveyor build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KWB-R/kwb-fakin/branch/master)
[![Travis build Status](https://travis-ci.org/KWB-R/kwb.fakin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KWB-R/kwb.fakin)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin/branch/master/graphs/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/github/KWB-R/kwb.fakin)
[![Project Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/kwb.fakin)]()

# kwb.fakin

This package contains all functions and evaluations related to KWB project "FAKIN". 
Set the Subversion setting 'enable-auto-props' to 'yes' so that the 'auto-probs' 
options are considered.

## Installation

```r
#install.packages("devtools", repos = "https://cloud.r-project.org")
devtools::install_github("KWB-R/kwb.fakin")
```

## Documentation

Release: [https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin](https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin)

Development: [https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin/dev](https://kwb-r.github.io/kwb.fakin/dev)


## Contributing to kwb.fakin

For contributing to the development of kwb.fakin please check the 
[contribution guideline](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
